c:\users\gleid\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ETEP.CEPES\ETEP.CEPES.APP\ETEP.CEPES.APP\bin\Debug\ETEP.CEPES.APP.dll
c:\users\gleid\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ETEP.CEPES\ETEP.CEPES.APP\ETEP.CEPES.APP\bin\Debug\ETEP.CEPES.APP.pdb
c:\users\gleid\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ETEP.CEPES\ETEP.CEPES.APP\ETEP.CEPES.APP\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\gleid\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ETEP.CEPES\ETEP.CEPES.APP\ETEP.CEPES.APP\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\gleid\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ETEP.CEPES\ETEP.CEPES.APP\ETEP.CEPES.APP\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\gleid\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ETEP.CEPES\ETEP.CEPES.APP\ETEP.CEPES.APP\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\gleid\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ETEP.CEPES\ETEP.CEPES.APP\ETEP.CEPES.APP\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\gleid\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ETEP.CEPES\ETEP.CEPES.APP\ETEP.CEPES.APP\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\gleid\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ETEP.CEPES\ETEP.CEPES.APP\ETEP.CEPES.APP\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\gleid\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ETEP.CEPES\ETEP.CEPES.APP\ETEP.CEPES.APP\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\gleid\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ETEP.CEPES\ETEP.CEPES.APP\ETEP.CEPES.APP\obj\Debug\ETEP.CEPES.APP.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gleid\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ETEP.CEPES\ETEP.CEPES.APP\ETEP.CEPES.APP\obj\Debug\ETEP.CEPES.APP.View.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\gleid\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ETEP.CEPES\ETEP.CEPES.APP\ETEP.CEPES.APP\obj\Debug\ETEP.CEPES.APP.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\gleid\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ETEP.CEPES\ETEP.CEPES.APP\ETEP.CEPES.APP\obj\Debug\ETEP.CEPES.APP.View.Cadastro.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\gleid\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ETEP.CEPES\ETEP.CEPES.APP\ETEP.CEPES.APP\obj\Debug\ETEP.CEPES.APP.View.Pesquisa.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\gleid\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ETEP.CEPES\ETEP.CEPES.APP\ETEP.CEPES.APP\obj\Debug\ETEP.CEPES.APP.dll
c:\users\gleid\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ETEP.CEPES\ETEP.CEPES.APP\ETEP.CEPES.APP\obj\Debug\ETEP.CEPES.APP.pdb
C:\Users\gleid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ETEP.CEPES\ETEP.CEPES.APP\ETEP.CEPES.APP\bin\Debug\ETEP.CEPES.APP.dll.config
C:\Users\gleid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ETEP.CEPES\ETEP.CEPES.APP\ETEP.CEPES.APP\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\gleid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ETEP.CEPES\ETEP.CEPES.APP\ETEP.CEPES.APP\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\gleid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ETEP.CEPES\ETEP.CEPES.APP\ETEP.CEPES.APP\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\gleid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ETEP.CEPES\ETEP.CEPES.APP\ETEP.CEPES.APP\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\gleid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ETEP.CEPES\ETEP.CEPES.APP\ETEP.CEPES.APP\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\gleid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ETEP.CEPES\ETEP.CEPES.APP\ETEP.CEPES.APP\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\gleid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ETEP.CEPES\ETEP.CEPES.APP\ETEP.CEPES.APP\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\gleid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ETEP.CEPES\ETEP.CEPES.APP\ETEP.CEPES.APP\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\gleid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ETEP.CEPES\ETEP.CEPES.APP\ETEP.CEPES.APP\obj\Debug\ETEP.CEPES.APP.csproj.App.config
C:\Users\gleid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ETEP.CEPES\ETEP.CEPES.APP\ETEP.CEPES.APP\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\gleid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ETEP.CEPES\ETEP.CEPES.APP\ETEP.CEPES.APP\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\gleid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ETEP.CEPES\ETEP.CEPES.APP\ETEP.CEPES.APP\obj\Debug\ETEP.CEPES.APP.dll.mdb
C:\Users\gleid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ETEP.CEPES\ETEP.CEPES.APP\ETEP.CEPES.APP\bin\Debug\ETEP.CEPES.APP.dll.mdb
C:\Users\gleid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ETEP.CEPES\ETEP.CEPES.APP\ETEP.CEPES.APP\obj\Debug\ETEP.CEPES.APP.dll.mdb
C:\Users\gleid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ETEP.CEPES\ETEP.CEPES.APP\ETEP.CEPES.APP\bin\Debug\ETEP.CEPES.APP.dll.mdb
